hi what am i like if you give the assistant
furious 48 bringing them another loquendo but
because you present your video where is
the boss went to get a
complete remodeling and meanwhile
he said let's start without him and because
you have to present it you who put you
commanding already enough moscoso of shit is
that he wants to fight of course
yes, snooty glasses, I'm going to burn you
right now to see delayed late if they go
to fight go I know I do not want those
that kim the study is worth going out
to fix it hey without us start
You and I video that they have left
a good time worth today's video is a
top of the different forms that has
adopted light and during his series one
piece in position 6 is light and capacity in
this light form and you put a tattoo a
afro wig and some boxing gloves
but in this way in new kicks
only according to the strength of Afro
used against fox and in the big bad field
in position 5 this light and water in
this light form and is filled with a
huge barrel of water does not increase your
strength but it lets you launch
water projectiles and can use so
minus your whole body to attack the use
in plow up against crocodile now
I continue in position 4 this steady light
drying in this light form and increases its
blood impulse with what its strength and
speed increase good this is one of
the most used forms of light and the
inconvenience he had was that he
it brought life and left him powerless
move but after 2 years of
training compensated him in this way
the prefix is ​​adopted as common and jet in
the post 3 this light and champions form
in which light and put on a suit of armor
wax harder than steel and that more its
great strength created a combination
very powerful and also did not affect the
magellan poison in this form uses the
prefix like with 1 champions
I arrived today boss you left great the
avatar thank you they put color and in
3-d
by the way where are they and if you give ace that
they are outside fighting because they do not know
they agreed on who ran
the video but often a pair of subnormal
thanks for directing the girls video already
I finished in position 2 this light and now
sado in this light form and inflates the
bones to make the giants and
powerful was that it was slow
and then he became dwarf but with the
training, both effects were avoided
and increased the size and the winner is
light and shape nightmare light and absorbs 100
shadows and you get the skills of your
owners becomes gigantic and
very powerful getting your skin a tone
bluish has no side effects
but it only lasts 10 minutes he used it against
the center and the airbag and well he was not
sure to put it but as I mentioned
special this light and drying more sado
with which light and combines the two already
but it leaves him shattered he also used it
trick back boss man we've already finished the
fight where are you follow son of a bitch
good so congratulations for the
victory let's finish the video which
promociona de david segura x 7 meters
and without extra until soon comment
subscribe 6 point in today is that as
the hashtag and continue like this
very easy I put a mark on my neck
to become stronger and that
they would grow hands like wings and I would
melts with a greyish lightning of
Well, you have to take Ishida to
hospital let's go now